Address comments from the WG (#27)
tireddy2/pqc_uta: draft-ietf-uta-pqc-app.md

Digital signature algorithms play a critical role in X.509 certificates, Certificate Transparency Signed Certificate Timestamps, Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) statements, remote attestation evidence, and any other mechanism that contributes signatures during a TLS handshake or in context of a secure communication establishment.

> This document adopts terminology from {{?I-D.ietf-pquip-pqc-engineers}}. As described there, terms such as "post-quantum," "quantum ready," "quantum resistant," and "quantum secure" are often used interchangeably to describe algorithms intended to resist attacks by CRQCs.

Author: ```suggestion
This document adopts terminology from {{?RFC9958}}. As described there, terms such as "post-quantum," "quantum ready," "quantum resistant," and "quantum secure" are often used interchangeably to describe algorithms intended to resist attacks by CRQCs.
```
